docs: Add known limitations (#582)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

## Hooks usage notes and examples

### Known limitations

> Terraform operate on per-dir basic, when `pre-commit` only supports files and files that exist. That means if you only remove tf-related file without any other changes in same dir, check will be skipped. Example and details [here](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit/issues/3048)

Author: ```suggestion
Terraform operates on per-dir basis, when `pre-commit` only supports files and files that exist. That means if you only remove the tf-related file without any other changes in the same dir, checks will be skipped. Example and details [here](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit/issues/3048)
```

> Terraform operates on per-dir basis, when `pre-commit` only supports files and files that exist. That means if you only remove the tf-related file without any other changes in the same dir, checks will be skipped. Example and details [here](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit/issues/3048)

Author: ```suggestion
Terraform operates on a per-dir basis, when `pre-commit` only supports files and files that exist. That means if you only remove the tf-related file without any other changes in the same dir, checks will be skipped. Example and details [here](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit/issues/3048).
```

> Terraform operates on a per-dir basis, when `pre-commit` only supports files and files that exist. That means if you only remove the tf-related file without any other changes in the same dir, checks will be skipped. Example and details [here](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit/issues/3048).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform operates on a per-dir basis, while `pre-commit` framework only supports files and files that exist. This means if you only remove the TF-related file without any other changes in the same dir, checks will be skipped. Example and details [here](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit/issues/3048).
```
